---
layout:     post
title:      "Minerva's Mansion Mystery"
subtitle:   "Who Dunnit?"
navcolor:   "invert"
header-style: text
date:       2021-07-22
author:     "Quan"
tags:
    - D&D
    - One-Shot
---

> Five individuals with deep secrets head into a mansion in the woods.

***It’s a dark and stormy night. Rain is pouring down heavily upon the matted tarp above you all. You’re taking the Silverweed Express across the nation, praised for its comfortable long travels. Everyone is in the middle of a nice sleep when a thunderous rumble drives you all out of your stupor. Glancing outside, you notice immediately what the cause is. A dredging, dark mass is rolling down the mountain above. It’s rapidly approaching the cart. Before anyone has the chance to react, you collide and get sent tumbling down the hill. The carriages on the cart are split apart, and you find yourself at the bottom of the path surrounded by a group of strangers. Helping each other out as best as you can, you see in the distance a light. You march over and find an ancient, towering wooden mansion. You knock on the door, and it opens without anyone on the other side. The chandelier above the main hall lights, and before you is an elderly man dressed in a butler’s uniform. “Dreadful weather we’re having. Do you need a place to stay?”***

This one-shot was more of a thought experiment, and its success fluctuates heavily depending on the players. Its nearly entirely roleplay and investigation, leaving the pathway entirely up to the characters. This was run online, but I heavily recommend playing it in person to gauge everyone's reactions. My game session was rather short at sub-three hours, but it could go longer. Feel free to add more red herrings if needed.

Heavy emphasis on characters and roleplay, therefore each character has their own file with a full rundown of their backgrounds, personalities, and relationship charts with the other players. There is a segment of everyones character sheet that should not be revealed until a certain point in the one-shot. Full excerpts linked below.

### [Full One-Shot Outline →](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRLh6Y0R4Q0BlSnI2TPGPNuV7HymU42ca8ap8dSVUJS6ADgqPsysH14TchB0YmlmekG1QCA3GNxkNRZ/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

## [Aerie Nerileth](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRSeZXjFut3FElR-Gj9BcvPi58jl1NoYib6jlduh6SBDkrnooKJMuNSeuHWbXmgGq5ReMzoCphOcPQl/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Aerie’s parent’s split at a young age, and her mother took her younger brother as she moved out from the village she grew up in. Her father taught her to not worry so much about tradition and status, but rather the interpersonal relationships you form with friends and the people you meet. She grew up wondering about her brother, until she finally decided to send a letter to him to “hangout.” They met part way, since the main form of transportation only takes them so far to her place.  

## [Awryn Nerileth](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRaeLCwumBHHbvxLFqQP3HrpCVteEgrPPtid6SlyZeoVSe-HfjCaAHvqOcWCy7nC6e7SFt-vOVncFs8/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Awryn’s parents split at a young age, and his father took his elder sister with him to the countryside. He was raised by his mother to be a ruthless businessman who holds no emotion and only does things for profit and value. He remained this way, planning to take over the family business, when he received a letter from his sister asking for them to reconvene and “hangout.” They met part way, since the main form of transportation only takes them so far to her place. 

## [Minerva](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQj8PefeIWjcDkylIwqIVHkuKrCZgvf0k2zZ_7-wqo-1cyi_fo221yeO-KXXR8L_BHVB5it7Jj8KOYn/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Bought a house a century ago. She used to live in a town but long outlasted its inhabitants and it pained her to stay there. She gathered all her belongings, hired a fey butler and maid, and moved into a magically conjured mansion in the woods. She has stayed there reading happily since then.

## [Grant Gallahan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSGF2Qs0dQx9t_cTjq30ghpKxa4G6qECzRUTDkvlVckwVdOnaqTjNev9VjQNU7j0YexPMvgAQ_TZZdO/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Grant is a family man who would do anything for his daughter’s success and well-being. At a young age she was diagnosed with an incurable disease, and subsequently subsists off of his pension which exists to purchase medicine for her. It came to the point where his wife left him, being unable to deal with the stress of their daughter’s situation. Grant is an overall nice person. Due to this unfortunate circumstance, he is rapidly approaching his turning point. 

## [Teox Ironfront](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRLT-4uchdOJ9LBj7mF13JD-fWElt2thVQ-6QJFwHP5015mGbx0wjDn02CDPVaVeiFw_tdV3LUChnwo/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Teox was separated from his pack quite a number of years ago, but has a general idea of where they’re going. He’s in no rush to get there, taking his time to take in the delights of the world around him. 

## [Guinevere Debroux](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSYbDMG6bsgP5TIzzocSkrWHIGPJXgWOen7kpsvEg8ppgHH1iCxEbDC3M2iBeXjqsOwA1utWYB5u3ew/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Guinevere grew up in a large family, making her fairly sociable and amiable. She often overshares information about herself and her family as it's the only thing she seems to talk about. A kind heart and unassuming, she is quick to trust others and adaptable in large groups.