---
layout:     post
title:      "Rizkit's Risky Railroad Run"
subtitle:   "Train Heist"
navcolor:   "invert"
header-style: text
date:       2022-08-21
author:     "Quan"
tags:
    - D&D
    - One-Shot
---

> You're stuck as passengers on a moving fright robbery.

***Everyone is keeping to themselves, entertaining themselves until the ride ends, when suddenly a commotion can be heard coming from the car in front. It starts quietly before escalating fairly rapidly. Some of the more interested riders creep up and begin to peer through the door screens when it slides open with a bang. A man panickedly begins to run through, looking behind himself, before the whizzing of ammunition can be heard. You see a crossbow bolt protruding through his chest. He gargles, face in shock, before falling down.***

This one-shot was devised with linear chaos in mind. There is much freedom with how players want to make their way to the front of the train. Social encounters, puzzles, and combat will be in their way to the head cabin. This session went just past three hours with four players, and there were little still beats.

Rizkit's asset has been lost to time, if you wish to recreate him I recommend making a grand caster with displacing abilities, but I will share a story of his rather funny story of demise in my session. While fighting the group on the train, two events occured: everyone shifted to the side and a cliffside wall rapidly approached. Needless to say, Rizkit's positioning left him splat again the surface.

### [Full One-Shot Outline →](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQgjrV8BUGQ52tdSW7WgJi9eL38Lepb7ivcY7XVrwpJX3juZ6j5Sx7yEbBT2vDY8jUCFfncxrlIs6JE/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->