---
layout:     post
title:      "Jezreel's Jinxing Jailbreak"
subtitle:   "Non-Stop Action Escapade"
navcolor:   "invert"
date:       2023-01-25
header-img: "assets/images/jezreel.png"
header-mask: 0.4
author:     "Quan"
tags:
    - D&D
    - One-Shot
---

> Sirens blaze as all hell breaks loose in a prison above the clouds.

A one-shot designed for friends who wanted to get into tabletop gaming without understanding too much of the mechanical rules. This was run in person, taking a solid four hours with five players. Although hectic and fun, it ended up being much more mechanically challenging for players than initially expected. The players were still able to overcome it.

Commissioned artist for the artwork of the one-shot characters. Heavy emphasis on characters and roleplay, therefore each character has their own file with a full rundown of their backgrounds, personalities, and relationship charts with the other players. Full excerpts linked below.

### [Full One-Shot Outline →](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQVBAYhRtBGuaPPfOeE6qSF5D00FeIPIa1gkEVsJHoeOfmVAe6ryjD82NJldNDKr5QeSSccitd7zVIU/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

## [Aurora Peralith](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQVBAYhRtBGuaPPfOeE6qSF5D00FeIPIa1gkEVsJHoeOfmVAe6ryjD82NJldNDKr5QeSSccitd7zVIU/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->

Aurora was a distinguished practitioner of medicine for most of her life. Her deeds spread far beyond her home village and many sought her out for remedies for ailments unknown. Many revered her, idolized her, feared her. Those of the final party would ultimately be proven correct. Her surgical precision of life was mainly attested to her extreme methods of experimentation on living creatures. Perallith was arrested on the account after a supplier leaked this information. She is currently in the 20th year of her 200-year sentence. 


