---
layout:     post
title:      "Elysium Expedition #1"
subtitle:   "Inside A Colossal Fish"
navcolor:   "invert"
header-style: text
date:       2022-08-21
author:     "Quan"
tags:
    - D&D
    - One-Shot
---

> Your arcane instructor has sent you to retrieve a magical goldfish.

***Another sun-trodden afternoon, another end to an arduous three hours. Classes at the Arcane Elysium have always been difficult, but Professor Enee Nymfang and her small discussion groups are something else entirely. Working on spells collaboratively, messing around with what makes them tick in fast-talks, and interacting with others is fun but strenuous. For your mental relief, a break is right around the corner. Once the gong of the school bell chimes throughout the halls and the classrooms, you all pack your stuff up, ready to go home.*** 

***“Shine, Isabel, Audrey, Ellie, stay for a bit after class. I need to speak with you all.”***

This one-shot was created for my classmates. It is one of my favorite introductory sessions of all time. Players will journey through a gargantuan mechanical fish segmented by chambers with their own challenges. Despite having everything but social encounters, the players in this session did nothing but it. Duration: 3 hours. 

No shareable custom assets. The players in this session played as each other using character sheets I made for them, introducing them to the idea of roleplaying by acting as each other instead of a fictional character. I recommend doing the same if you run this one-shot with classmates.

### [Full One-Shot Outline →](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vREJ8kPa4CY67Udq7h_rurOAG7SHOTPjnzr5MQQhxJz5MY1lojvjrB_KxJlS2m-kTgRASob6iOg0KqS/pub) <!-- Link to full story -->